# CG-Assignment
The main idea behind this project is to display an aquarium with computer graphics. This graphics package is based on the OpenGL library functions. The programming language used here is C using OpenGL libraries. In this project, we are demonstrating the screensaver in which the fishes will have a random motion
The main aim of develop this project was to improve my knowledge of Computer Graphics and OpenGL. This project provides good understanding of conspicuous OpenGL functions like Transformation Matrices, Translation, Rotation & Scaling, and Perspective viewing. Keeping factors of usability and simplicity in mind, the demonstrations of the basic OpenGL functions and features are demonstrated. This project will demonstrate the use of two and three dimensional planes in OpenGL. My project has detailed information on user interaction.
1.Objective of the project: to understand the application of the OpenGL API to modern Graphics applications. to draw attention of player toward computer graphics. to create an interactive project which is simple in use.

2.Constraints on the project: Project executes only if the system is installed with glut package. The graphic system should support OpenGL. Output will differ if there is fault in graphic system. May produce flickering image if color and depth buffer is not cleared properly, if a single buffer is used, or buffers are not swapped. We need to initialize glut library in order to interact with window system

3 Description: The design principle and the steps involved in the designing of my Mini-Project work aquarium using Computer Graphics are explained here. The implementation is also described in next few pages. At the outset included are all the required header files, in order to reference the various library functions of both C and OpenGL.

This project was designed to demonstrate the working of OpenGL API. Since the code is well-commented, any moderately skilled programmer can modify this project as required
